Docker install doc updates (#19783)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/installation.mdx

<Tabs>
<TabItem scope={["oss"]} label="Open Source">
We provide pre-built `amd64`, `arm`, and `arm64` Docker images for every version of Teleport.

These images are hosted on Amazon ECR Public. All tags under `public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport` [are Teleport Open Source images](https://gallery.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport).

> You can specify the architecture of a Teleport Docker image by adding a postfix to the image tag, e.g., `public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport:(=teleport.major_version=)-arm64`. Versions without an architecture postfix use the `amd64` architecture, e.g., `public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport:(=teleport.major_version=)`. 

Reviewer: Should we have a partial file for the OSS Docker images the way we do for enterprise?

<Tabs>
<TabItem scope={["oss"]} label="Open Source">
We provide pre-built `amd64`, `arm`, and `arm64` Docker images for every version of Teleport.

These images are hosted on Amazon ECR Public. All tags under `public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport` [are Teleport Open Source images](https://gallery.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport).

> Versions without a architecture postfix type are `amd64` architecute. (public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport:(=teleport.major_version=)). All architecture versions are available 
> with the postfix type (ex: `public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport:(=teleport.major_version=)-arm64`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify the architecture of a Teleport Docker image by adding a postfix to the image tag, e.g., `public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport:(=teleport.major_version=)-arm64`. Versions without an architecture postfix use the `amd64` architecture, e.g., `public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport:(=teleport.major_version=)`. 
```
To make the postfix behavior more explicit
